<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> How can different animals perceive different colors ? --T--  URL_0 Posted by Amy Rubin at 6:58 AM 4 comments : Rachel Phillips June 8 , 2012 at 10:24 AM This topic was also one of my favorites . I think it is so interesting how we can perceive so many different shades of color . Just looking out the window we can see several different shades of green in all of the different plants . <D> After all , when one keeps in mind that the grayscale counts here as a color , it is hard ( though perhaps not impossible ? ) to defend the thesis that animals perceive , but do not in any way perceive colors . If colors are thought to be out in the world , then there seems no in - principle difficulty in allowing other animals to perceive them . <D> Here is where the question about other animals becomes most interesting . One might suppose that , if colors are not in the world , then surely animals can not perceive them . Consider the case of Galileo , who famously claims that colors reside only " in consciousness . <D> Actually , however , what Galileo says in the The Assayer is not that color resides in consciousness , as the standard English translation has it , but that they reside " nel corpo sensitivo . " This would seem to leave plenty of room for other animals to perceive colors . What the colors are , on this view , would be physical phenomena within the right sort of perceptual faculties , caused by certain patterns of light in the world . <D> According to Malebranche , for instance , " the heat we sense and the colors we see are only in the soul " ( Search after Truth VI.2.2 ) . Since animals , for Malebranche , have no souls , they can not perceive colors . This seems to be Descartes 's view as well , at least in those places where he wants to locate colors in perceivers rather than in the world . <D> There is really no way to know what colors animals see , because color is not an objective property of the world , but rather an artifact of perception — something the brain constructs to distinguish different frequencies of light . Thus , saying that many animals can perceive color just means that they can distinguish different colors . Usually these are colors that are important to their survival . <D> , et al . “ What Colors Do Animals See ? ” WebExhibits / Causes of Color . <D> Most of the world 's languages have five basic color terms , others divide all colors by " light " and " dark , " while others categorize the color blue into lighter and darker shades . The human eye can physically perceive millions of colors . But we do n't all recognise these in the same way . <D> Thus , they see only certain colors of the color spectrum and are said to have dichromatic vision . So , which are the different colors a dog can see ? Researchers state that dogs can identify shades of grey , selected shades of blue and shades between brown to yellow on the color spectrum . <D> Perceiving colors in ' the real world ' : Mostly colors are studied in the laboratory under very artificial conditions . My reserach involves how we perceive colors in ' the real world ' . Under daily circumstances , we are not fooled by differences in changes in background color or under changes in illumination ( eg . <D> Some insects are trichromats ; for example , honeybees that can distinguish between ultraviolet , blue and green light . How Trichromats Perceive Colors ? Color vision is the ability of an organism to distinguish between colors . <D> What do animals see ? Can other animals see colors ? Do they see more or less color than humans ? <D> For example they also discussed how cultures may not perceive a color as easily when they do not have a word for it than when they do have a word for a certain color . The labeling of the word , to some extent , affects how we perceive colors . One doctor raised her daughter teaching her all the colors . <D> What are Colors ? All the colors we perceive are an effect of light . The seemingly colorless sunlight actually contains all the colors we can see , but at different wavelengths . <D> This property of the object changes as the object changes , which is why a raw banana would look green , and a rotting banana would appear blackish . Why do we see different Colors ? How do we know which color is which , i. e. how does our brain know the difference between these colors ?
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> Why are flutes classified as woodwinds when most of them are made out of metal ? --T--  Each woodwind is played by blowing into them and fingering different holes to produce a different sound . Most of these instruments are made with wood . Flutes can be made either with wood or metal , though those used in an orchestra are usually made of metal . <D> Check local tag sales or church bazaars . Classified ad newspapers will often have them . But keep this point in mind ! <D> Some ethnic woodwinds have even more reeds , with up to four . Some of these woodwinds are made from wood , but most of them include metallic elements , or are made entirely from metal . Although some woodwinds could be confused with brass instruments , since they are made entirely from metal , they have a very different sound . <D> First , there is the material used for the body . While most flutes are made of metal , nowadays the majority of piccolos are made of wood . This is because the piccolo has a higher register , and metal piccolos can sound too piercing and therefore not blend well with other instruments . <D> The soprano sax is pitched one octave higher than the tenor sax , and the alto sax is pitched one octave higher than the bari sax . Even though the saxophone is made out of brass , it is classified as a woodwind instrument because a single wooden reed is used to produce sound . The saxophone is still young when compared to other instruments . <D> The best sounding clarinets are made of wood , but there are several plastic varieties . Keys on the instrument are made of metal . Pieces of the clarinet are the bell ( cone shape at the bottom ) , two main body pieces , mouthpiece , single wood reed , and a ligature that holds the reed on the mouthpiece . <D> Press Room Reports & Financials Contact Us Home > Learning & Community > Instruments of the Orchestra > Woodwinds The Woodwind Family The instruments in this family all used to be made of wood , which gives them their name . Today , they are made of wood , metal , plastic or some combination . They are all basically narrow cylinders or pipes , with holes , an opening at the bottom end and a mouthpiece at the top . <D> Membranophones Membranophones are musical instruments that use vibrating stretched membranes or skin to produce sound . Membranophones are classified according to the shape of the instrument . Kettle Drums — Also known as vessel drums , these are rounded at the bottom and may be tunable or non - tunable . <D> They are very unique , but still have always been considered woodwinds . Flutes used to be made of wood ; however , now they are made of metal . Reeds , and keys are the easiest ways to identify an instrument as woodwind , brass instruments typically have valves or slides . <D> Various devices , such as mutes , and various techniques ( for example , on stringed instruments , pizzicato and the harmonic , or flageolet tone ) can alter the sound of an instrument . Musical instruments are usually classified as folk and professional instruments . Folk instruments may be unique ( found among a single people ) or “ international”—that is , widely used by various peoples with ethnic or long - standing historical and cultural ties . <D> When choosing a piccolo , you can choose from a variety of materials . The most common are metal , plastic , and wood . Plastic is the cheapest , followed by metal , and wood is more expensive . <D> The warm timbre that is produced possesses great charm . Flutes are always woodwinds , even when they are made of metals , because that is what they are classified as - woodwind instruments - within the conventional system of classification of musical instruments . Woodwind instruments fall under one of two sub - classifications : flutes , and reed instruments . <D> Traditionally they were always made of wood , although some of them are now made of metal or plastic . In an orchestra there are four main types of woodwind instrument . <D> There is also an alto flute which sounds a fifth lower than the ordinary flute . Flutes are still sometimes made of wood , but mostly they are metal . The oboe can play slightly lower than the flute . <D> WOODWINDS FLUTE The flute , while part of the woodwind family , is not a reed instrument . It is classified as being an aerophone . Sound emitted from the flute is the result of air flow across the opening on the flute .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> How can we set a date to the beginning or end of an artistic period ? Does n't the change happen gradually ? --T--  person who travels from place to place , in search of to breed or train an animal to need and accept the care of human beings ; to tame an animal to breed or train an animal to need and accept the care of human beings ; to tame an animal A sudden change domesticacation domestication of animals neolethic period the beginning of farming Variable A symbol for a number we do n't know yet . It is usually a letter like x or y. variable A symble used to represent a quanty that can change Variable a symbol used to represent a quantity that can change . <D> Harry 's Blog Infolinks In Text Ads Wednesday , November 11 , 2009 NASA - 2012 : Beginning of the End or Why the World Wo n't End ? Nasa Comment on 2012 : Beginning of the End or Why the World Wo n't End ? : Remember the Y2 K scare ? <D> In spite of all our efforts , we had n't found that person . Nevertheless , we can guide you to independent persons knowing how to work the ice in an artistic way . They can take charge with sculpturing the ice blocks directly at the place , allowing you like this to observe the evolution of their works . <D> VIDEO . Both the world and Time have a beginning and an end - that is , a destination and a . Dating based on the Birth of Jesus Christ ( AD - Anno Domini ) begins in the If someday you want a Christ - centered marriage ( which clearly requires the In other words , if you end up marrying the person you 're dating , the wedding night may maybe beyond ) preparing to do it God 's way , instead of the <D> See Q : Does World Without End directly follow Pillars of the Earth?Unfortunately , the evangelist Miller used 1844 as the date for the end of the world in order to scare thousands to convert to Christianity or else be damned Christian cult that said the world would end on Wednesday is now 6 Oct 2015 group claims that Oct 7 will be the date of the end of the world . an online Christian group is insisting that the now - deceased preacher , 30 Oct 2015 What makes date setters think they can predict the end of the world ? <D> . “ Even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world , that we should be holy and 7 Oct 2015 The world is set to come to an end at some point today , according to an McCann claimed that date was in fact the beginning of a period of 23 May 2011 " May 21 is the day that Christ came and put the world under judgment . <D> Christians reject the idea that the exact date or time of Jesus ' return can Many Christians in Australia celebrate Pentecost , which is also known as began to preach about Jesus Christ to Jewish people from all over the world who flocked is the period beginning with the Saturday before Whitsunday and ending the In some Orthodox churches , Whitsunday is observed after the date set by the Can or should I date a non - believer , unbeliever non Christians ? everyone else is having all the fun and you end up wondering why you do n't try it yourself ! <D> My interests were transforming slowly towards a more two - dimensional expression , making collages , combining pieces of cut or torn coloured paper and highlighting different areas with oil pastels . It was a medium I was gradually beginning to embrace . When I returned to England in the late summer of 1974 these little sticks of colour had in fact more or less completely replaced chisels and rasps as my essential expressive tools . <D> Why do we sometimes lose our desire to continue doing something all of a sudden ? And why does n't this sudden emotional reaction happen gradually ? We all have different levels of tolerance . <D> Pages Home Committee Products CFD APPLICATIONS FEA APPLICATIONS Galleries Enquiry Contact us Tuesday , February 15 , 2011 2012 : Beginning of the End or Why the World Wo n't End ? 2012 : Beginning of the End or Why the World Wo n't End ? 012 : Beginning of the End or Why the World Wo n't End ? 11.06.09 Remember the Y2 K scare ? <D> how so ? how does it happen to be so ? why ? <D> Bleeding in early pregnancy You may have observed that “ light bleeding ” , “ spotting ” and “ early bleeding ” are very common in symptom list . When you have a missed period , why does the bleeding happen ? This bleeding can be the consequence of your implantation process . <D> Gustavs Klucis , and a lot of other avant - garde artists , were in a very complex situation , they were being accused of formalism , their work was being denounced ... Eventually all that took a very dangerous turn , and attempts to “ break ” the artists began … Gustavs Klucis was being criticised for a lot of things , including the use of photography , which is why he was gradually going back to other artistic genres , including painting . In the latter half of the 1930s , he was no longer one of those artists who helped consolidate the Soviet Union ’s official policies .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> Why do adults like drinking coffee when it tastes so bad ? --T--  Table of Contents Why I stopped drinking coffee ? Why coffee is bad for you ? I get it , coffee is bad , now what ? The substitute for coffee Why chicory coffee is good for you ? Why I stopped drinking coffee ? I didn`t take my breast cysts siriously until I saw how bad it is . <D> I get it , coffee is bad , now what ? So coffee is bad . I stopped drinking it . <D> I won`t have trouble falling asleep because there is no caffeine in it . It tastes just like mild coffee . I drink it with almond milk and without sugar . <D> Following Bad to the Last Drop Go To × Edit Locked Main Laconic Quotes Create New - Create New - Analysis Characters FanficRecs FanWorks Fridge Haiku Headscratchers ImageLinks PlayingWith Recap ReferencedBy Synopsis Timeline Trivia WMG YMMV Tommy : Chuckie ! This coffee tastes like mud ! Chuckie : It is mud . <D> Help please ! is drinking coffee bad ? Help please ! <D> I was wondering is coffee that bad during dieting ? I ' m 16 is it bad drinking coffee every day ? If I drink Mountain Dew after throwing up an hour ago will it be bad ? <D> Is drinking coffe bad for health ? Is drinking coffee bad on a diet ? Is drinking coffee first thing in the morning is bad for your heart ? <D> Is drinking milk bad for you ? Is drinking one coffee per day bad for you ? Is drinking sodas bad for you ? <D> Is drinking too much coffee bad for kidneys ? Is drinking too much coffee bad for you ? Is drinking vodka alone without juice or something else bad for our health ? <D> Some random person once followed me around a bar lecturing me about how I should never order Guinness outside Ireland . ( I like Guinness , it tastes like coffee . ) posted by betweenthebars at 8:53 AM on June 7 , 2014 [ 6 favorites ] I like sweet stuff . <D> Good . It tastes like the coffee I know . Indeed it tastes very much like coffee , not just something coffee flavored . <D> Thank you for your time Report Post Like Reply 0 0 ( Maximum 900 words ) Submit Coffee and High Blood Pressure in Children Coffee causes high Blood Pressure , my niece 's boyfriend works at Starbucks he got her all the coffee she wanted , she developed high blood pressure and diabetes type II , and there are missions of children age 10 and up drinking coffee . Do we need more diseases in our children , they will have heart problems in the future , kidney failure and cancer . <D> Here are a few reasons why you should avoid nuking your coffee in the microwave at all costs : Microwave reheating causes the aromatics ( aka , the flavors ) to break down . That means your coffee tastes burnt and bad . If you have to resort to reheating your coffee in the first place , chances are it ’s been cooled down significantly and is no longer fresh . <D> In 2009 , a group of Italian scientists found that slow caffeine metabolizers with moderate to heavy coffee consumption were more likely to suffer from high blood pressure than fast metabolizers . Why Office Coffee Tastes So Bad , by Geoffrey James Exposure to air . The more the beans are exposed to air and light , the more they begin to break down , turning the natural sweetness into tannins .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> What happens when wine ages ? How does it make the wine taste better ? --T--  Plastic corks and screw caps do a better job at sealing our wines and eliminate the risk of bacteria getting into the wine . What happens when wine is aged ? As wine ages , the juice , skins , seeds of grapes interact with each other and even the vessel that contains it . <D> - Decanter Skip to content » rfity Decanter Subscribe Digital Edition Premium Decanter Search for : Search Premium All Premium Exclusive Articles Magazine Articles Search All Wine Reviews Wine Reviews Find a Wine Review Panel Tastings News & Opinion All Columns Andrew Jefford Jane Anson Editors ’ Column Wine Travel Learn Wine Quizzes Wine Learning App Ask Decanter Wine Regions Producer Profiles Grape Varieties <D> - Wine Education with Scott Richardson , Retail & Events Coordinator — Wine Education | Tyrrell 's Wines 0 Story History Philosophy Home Family Vineyards Environment Winemakers Partners & Supporters Our Ranges Winemaker ’s Selection Sacred Sites Single Vineyard Rufus Stone Hunter Heroes Hunter Valley Beyond Broke Road Special Release Echo Beach Old Winery Drink Now Vats Moore ’s Creek Tyrrell ’s Sparkling Tyrrell <D> - Chowhound Labor Day Recipes for a Labor Day Potluck Party 8 Reasons Sangria Should Be the Star of Your Labor Day Party Easy BBQ Baby Back Pork Ribs How to Grill for Dad on Father ’s Day and Beyond How to Grill Pizza for Labor Day Drunken Watermelon Pops See All Labor Day › Back To School Sweepstakes : You Could Win * <D> Such as drinking whites right away , and letting most red wines age for a couple of years , and letting Cabernet Sauvignon age for at least 10 years . What happens when wine ages ? From a technical perspective , a bit of oxygen sneaks in through the cork , and then CHEMISTRY happens . <D> - Okanagan Wine Club JoieFarm Wine Pack The Mission How The Club Works FAQ Blog Contact Us JoieFarm Wine Pack The Mission How The Club Works FAQ Blog Contact Us JoieFarm Wine Pack The Mission How The Club Works FAQ Blog Contact Us Blog HomeBlogWhat happens to Wine as it ages ? <D> Which wines – if any – are best drunk young and fresh , and the younger the better ? And most pertinently of all – what actually happens to wine as it ages ? There ’s no doubt about the fact that the very top of end of the wine world is typified by aged bottles . <D> Depending on the wine , that process could take 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 or even 100 years . What happens to a wine as it ages . As wine ages , the tannins that helped the wine age begin to soften and slowly dissipate . <D> To make good decisions , it helps to understand the process of wine aging and the chemical reactions involved . What Happens as Wine Ages ? The winemaking process is basically about turning an organic food stuff — in this case , different grape varieties — into a shelf - stable drink that wo n’t decay as quickly as the original fruit . <D> But how do you know it ’s not medium - minus or medium - plus ? What happens if you taste the wine again and try to make it medium - plus ? TP : It ’s just medium . <D> The wines tend to be darker in color close to a brownish red , as the wine ages it begins to take on a brackish red color , a trend that we often see in old world wines . What Does Montepulciano Wine Taste Like ? Predominant flavors highlight stone fruit such a cherries , red berries combined with medium bodied to firmer tannins and high acidity make it a great wine to pair with food . <D> Previous Article Can you discuss the Provence wine region of France , what grapes and wines are produced here , and why this region works so well for Rosé Wine ? Next Article What is Barbaresco Wine and What Does it Taste Like ? Related Articles & Comments 9 months ago What Does Tempranillo Taste Like ? <D> How Do You Tell When Wine Grapes Are Ripe and Ready for Harvesting ? What is Barbaresco Wine and What Does it Taste Like ? What is Montepulciano Wine ? <D> Is this always true ? What happens to a wine as it ages that makes it get better ? How do different approaches to ageing wines affect the wine itself ? <D> Heavy reds will continue to improve for at least a year , rewarding your patience with delicious bouquet . Return to Top What happens when wine ages ? When wine sits in the barrel or the bottle , the flavors , aromas , and colors change .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> What exactly are vitamins ? --T--  Home Exercise Fitness Health Nutrition Surgery Therapy Treatment Home Exercise Fitness Health Nutrition Surgery Therapy Treatment Home Exercise Fitness Health Nutrition Surgery Therapy Treatment Search Tuesday 14 August 2018 : : Home Exercise Fitness Health Nutrition Surgery Therapy Treatment Latest Update What Are the Top Benefits of KSM 66 Ashwagandha ? <D> Skip to content Home Business Door & Window Health Nutrition Shopping Fashion Clothes Foorware News Food Technology About Privacy Contact Phone + 1 - 202 - 555 - 0173 Email info@aajatexas.org Home Business Door & Window Health Nutrition Shopping Fashion Clothes Foorware News Food Technology About Privacy Contact Search for : What Exactly Are Digestive Health Vitamins ? Home Health Digestive Health What Exactly Are Digestive Health Vitamins ? July 31 , 2018 Lillian Rose When searching for digestive health vitamins , you have to make certain that you ’re obtaining the right one if you would like optimum results . <D> Just how do they aid maintain us healthy and balanced | Naturally Healthy Life Home Family & Pregnancy Fitness & Exercise Health & Diet Guide Women ’s Health Food & Recipes More Healthy Aging Supplements Weight Loss & Obesity Search Contact Us Privacy Policy Naturally Healthy Life Home Family & Pregnancy Being pregnant Care Throughout Summer time Tweetinar On Cloudnine Significance Of Breastfeeding | <D> The signals of the body 2 How to determine the content of vitamins 3 How to determine the lack of vitamins 4 How to replenish the vitamins dry and peeling skin 5 Hair loss . What vitamins are missing ? 6 10 vitamins and minerals in the fight against depression and bad mood By beldchonok How to learn any lacking vitamins . <D> Vitamin supplements Truth Precisely what are Vitamins ? Exactly what do Minerals and vitamins Do ? Precisely what are Signs and symptoms and also Signs with Vitamin and Nutrient Deficiencies along with Toxicities ? <D> Are you ready for Advised Every day Requirements for Nutritional supplements ? Exactly what Meals Will be An excellent source of Which will Vitamins ? Whom Must Bring Supplement and also Nutrient Vitamin supplements ? <D> Graph or chart House Themes A - Unces Slideshow Snap shots Photograph Drift Medications Polls Medical Dictionary Start 720x90 bnr Tag just one a couple of 3 or more ... Upcoming » ( Page 1 with some ) Guide Vitamin and Mineral Health supplements Astounding Vitamin and mineral Chemical Slideshow Photographs Consider the Supplements & Health supplements Ask ! Vitamins Facts Exactly what Nutritional supplements ? What Do Minerals and vitamins Complete ? <D> Vitamins and minerals are derived from a good diet , but a majority of people do n't eat an adequate amount of the suitable meals to make sure they will obtain entire proposed day - to - day daily allowance . Precisely what are Vitamins and Minerals ? Minerals and vitamins are crucial nutrients . <D> Mineral deposits is often deemed since macrominerals , that are also called electrolytes , or even trace minerals . Exactly what do Vitamins and Minerals Perform ? Vitamins work as cofactors chemistry of which allow lots of metabolic typical reactions that occurs . <D> CC - By-2.0 You hear it all the time , vitamins and minerals , full of the day ’s vitamins and minerals , what exactly are vitamins and minerals ? I mean yeah we all know you get vitamin C from oranges , and vitamin K is potassium , but what exactly are vitamins and minerals ? <D> The fat soluble vitamins include Vitamin A , Vitamin D , Vitamin E , and Vitamin K. These all dissolve in fat . All vitamins are essential . This being said , any diet that excludes a certain food group is excluding the vitamins supplied by this food group , and can lead to vitamin deficiency . <D> Do you know the vitamins ? What are these energy giving vitamins ? To place it by doing this , every single vitamin features its own unique property in benefiting the standard progression of the body . <D> Did you know that many vitamin supplements are not effective ? do you know exactly what you ’re getting when you buy vitamins at the store ? you want to improve your . <D> 2000 IU Vitamin D3 5000 IU Specialty Formulas Bones & Joint Formula Calcium Eye Health Formula Healthy Hair , Skin & Nails Heart Healthy Formula Kidney Formula Memory and Focus Formula Migraine Support Formula Sleep Formula To figure out the best vitamin or vitamins for you , we will ask you a few questions and review your overall health history . How safe are Uscriptives Vitamins ? Uscriptives are extremely safe .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> Why were the main predators in New Zealand large birds , compared to other places in the world ? --T--  North Island Brown Kiwi . New Zealand Birds Online , URL_8 . “ Scientific American . <D> The moa occupied the same niche as grazing animals like deer and antelopes , and Haast 's eagle was the apex predator , the equivalent of the big cats of Africa , Asia and the Americas . Because of the lack of predators , about a third of New Zealand birds were flightless . Naturally enough , all eleven species of moa were flightless , but so were many smaller forest birds like kiwis , wekas , takahes and dozens of others . <D> Strange things happen when you leave a few species alone on a distant island for a few million years . Places like New Zealand , Australia , Madagascar , and Hawaii are ( or were ) full of plants and animals that seem alien compared to rest - of - the - world standards . This is often due to a set of conditions and evolutionary challenges unlike those seen on the continent . <D> New Zealand is a land dominated by birds . Until humans began to arrive on our shores 700 odd years ago New Zealand 's only land mammals were small bats , so our native species evolved over millions of years without land mammals . <D> Wekas are very rare ; we are releasing them onto islands that have no stoats or parrots ( predators that prey on wekas ) . Top of Page Why are kiwi birds found only in New Zealand ? The ancestors of kiwis were on the land that split away from an ancient continent called Gondwanaland . <D> Giant eagles , hunting falcons , owls stalking in the night . New Zealand has ( or had ) its predators too . Weka : one of New Zealand ’s flightless birds Yet , the evolution of so many flightless birds in New Zealand suggests a lack of threat , birds from kiwi to kakapo ( a flightless parrot ) able to survive walking on two feet , no flight needed for fleeing . <D> For a start , many of them ca n’t fly , a serious disadvantage when your enemies are land - based . New Zealand ’s flighless takahē . Photo : jokertrekker On top of that , instead of running away when they ’re in danger , our birds have evolved to stay still and rely on camouflage to avoid being seen . <D> They spent thousands of years on an island without furry , toothed mammals to worry about . New Zealand ’s predators were birds like the giant Haast ’s eagle , so it made sense to stick close to the ground and raise your chicks in burrows . But when humans came we brought with us some very strange animals . <D> All native birds are flightless , including a parrot that makes its home in underground burrows like a rabbit . Before the arrival of humans , New Zealand was free of all predators , so the birds , having no enemies , lost the use of their wings . Then the Polynesian Islanders arrived , by accident in the 10th century and for the purposes of colonizing with the arrival of the Great Fleet about a.d . <D> Their prey includes snails , beetles and many native birds and they compete directly with many native birds , including the kiwi , for food and resources . The New Zealand government hopes ridding the nation of predators will help native birds , including the kiwi . ( Photo : New Zealand Department of Conservation ) Existing pest control methods in New Zealand include the controversial use of aerial poison drops , trapping and ground baiting , and possum hunting by ground hunters , according to the Guardian . <D> They also appear to be especially prone to the effects of diseases , which may have been introduced to New Zealand with domestic birds . The stitchbird / hihi is one of New Zealand ’s rarest birds . The female birds ( pictured ) have more subdued colouring and look quite different to the male birds . <D> New Zealand has more species of flightless birds ( including the kiwis , several species of penguins , and the takahe ) than any other country . One reason is that until the arrival of humans a thousand years ago , there were no large land predators in New Zealand . The main predators of flightless birds were larger birds.[3 ] Some flightless varieties of island birds are closely related to flying varieties . <D> Wellington , The Ornithological Society of New Zealand , Inc. Robertson , H. A. ; Dowding , J. E. ; Elliott , G. P. ; Hitchmough , R. A. ; Miskelly , C. M. ; O’Donnell , C. F. J. ; Powlesland , R. G. ; Sagar , P. M. ; Scofield , R. P. ; Taylor , G. A. 2013 . Conservation status of New Zealand birds , 2012 . NZ Threat Classification Series 4 . <D> In Miskelly , C.M. ( ed . ) New Zealand Birds Online . URL_2 Kea Kea Social structure female - only incubation and brood - care Breeding season Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Nest type rock crevice Nest description Cavities highly variable , including naturally formed rock crevices , hollow logs , hollows under roots of trees and hollows in banks .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> What 's the difference between viruses and bacteria ? --T--  Short description of the video Microbial Diseases ( Part-1 ) is Introduction about microbes , types , microbial diseases , causes etc - Suresh Sir .. View and Watch Video Microbial Diseases ( Part-1 ) this [ Click Here ] 15 . Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? ( c ) image by URL_5 Video Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? This is uploaded by youtube account Healthchanneltv / cherishyourhealthtv With video duration 3:19 minute . Video Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? This is uploaded 4 tahun yang lalu336.828x ditonton . Short description of the video Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? is In this animation , the differences between bacteria and viruses are explained . <D> . View and Watch Video Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? this [ Click Here ] 16 . <D> - Biology - Online Home Dictionary Forum About us Contact us Biology online forum Advertisement Quick links Unanswered topics Active topics Search The team FAQ Login Register Board index General Biology Microbiology Search the difference between Viruses and Bacteria . <D> wiseGEEK clear answers for common questions Feedback About wiseGEEK Category : Health ▼ Health Medicine Fitness Anatomy Science Food Technology Internet Business Education Beauty Language Miscellaneous Industry Crafts Cars Home Finance Fashion Art United States Environment Travel History People World Law Hobbies What is the Difference Between a Virus and Bacteria ? <D> - Plain and Simple Virus , bacterium , same difference ... Uhm , right ? Subscribe : URL_9 Facebook : ... Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? In this animation , the differences between bacteria and viruses are explained . <D> The difference between bacilli , cocci and spirilla is their shapes . 4.c What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? Lytic and Lysogenic cycle Can antibiotics be used on viruses ? <D> L6 M 3L1 Phone : Dial 311 or 905 - 825 - 6000 Toll free : 1 - 866 - 442 - 5866 Email Halton Region Halton Region » Living in Halton » Public Health » Health & Wellness » Diseases & Infections » A - E Disease Listing » Antibiotic Resistance : You and Your Child Antibiotic Resistance : You and Your Child What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? What are antibiotics ? <D> | Middle School Math and Science Ohio State nav bar Skip to main content The Ohio State University Help BuckeyeLink Map Find People Webmail Search Ohio State Middle School Math and Science Quality resources and powerful connections for math and science in the middle grades Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Home About this blog Archived Blogs Terms of Use Post navigation ← Previous Next → What ’s the Difference Between Viruses and Bacteria ? Posted on May 18 , 2009 by Kimberly Lightle Many people think that germs are what make us sick but scientifically speaking , germs are microbes that can be both harmful or helpful and come in four varieties – bacteria , viruses , fungi , and protozoa . <D> Bookmark the permalink . 12 thoughts on “ What ’s the Difference Between Viruses and Bacteria ? ” Science online on May 24 , 2009 at 8:14 am said : Excellent links , thanks . <D> Some Examples of Human Viruses : Influenza ( causes the flu ) HIV ( causes AIDS ) Polio ( causes poliomyelitis ) Rhinovirus ( causes colds ) Rubella ( causes German measles ) Some Examples of Foodborne Human Viruses : Norwalk Virus and other Norwalk - like viruses Hepatitis A Rotavirus ( mainly affects young children ) Some Examples of Plant Viruses : Mosaic virus Mottle virus Ringspot virus What 's the difference between viruses and bacteria ? The differences between viruses and bacteria are numerous . <D> Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? ( c ) image by URL_2 Video Bacteria and viruses - What is the difference between bacteria and viruses ? This is uploaded by youtube account Healthchanneltv / cherishyourhealthtv With video duration 3:19 minute .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> If an animal is an herbivore ( only eats plants ) , where does it get the protein that it needs to survive if it only eats grass ? --T--  6 . A HERBIVORE is a living thing that eats only plants . One example of this is a DEER . <D> Animals can be put into three categories ; carnivore , herbivore , and omnivore . A carnivore is an animal that only eats meat , an herbivore is an animal that only eats plants , and an omnivore is an animal that eats both plants and meat . Now when dealing with diets we can consider food chains . <D> ) , the tail is 25 - 30 cm ( 3/4 - 11 3/4in).the bison is an herbivore . It eats only grass . The size of the bison body is 2.1 - 3.5 m ( 6 3/4 - 11 1/2 ft . <D> 4 What is a herbivore ? A herbivore is an organism that only eats plants . 5 What is a carnivore ? <D> However , many herbivores will eat eggs and occasionally other animal protein . ... Desert Wildlife An herbivore is an animal that eats only plants and no meat . However , many herbivores will eat ... Insectivores . Any animal with a diet that consists ... Desert Cottontail Rabbit Cottontails may compete for food with sympatric herbivores such as domestic livestock , deer , ground squirrels , hares , and various invertebrates . ... Desert Animals - Desert Wildlife An herbivore is an animal that eats only plants and no meat . However , many herbivores will eat ... Insectivore Any animal with a diet that consists chiefly ... Jackrabbit Hawks , coyotes and bobcats are among the predators that regularly hunt jackrabbits . <D> Plants use most of the sugar to produce energy for growth , but some of it is stored in their leaves , stems , fruits , seeds , and roots ; this stored sugar is passed on through the food chain . The next link in the food chain consists of an herbivore , which is an animal that eats plants . Herbivores include : cows , horse , deer , and elk . <D> This protein can be animal or plant based . Herbivore : Eats only plants . Has special digestive features that obligate and lesser carnivores do not have . <D> 5 What is a herbivore ? A herbivore is an animal that eats plants . 6 What is a carnivore ? <D> Humans are a perfect example . Herbivores When an animal only eats plants , it is called an herbivore . Leafy plants , fruits , seeds , or grass are some examples of plant foods . <D> 35 Habitat 36 The home of an organism . 37 Herbivore 38 A consumer that eats only plants . 39 Invertebrate 40 An animal without a backbone . <D> The grass is then devoured mercilessly The deer is a consumer , which is the opposite of a producer in that it has to eat stuff to get energy . A deer is also an herbivore — it only eats plants . Deer belong to the suborder Ruminantia , which also includes sheep , antelope , goats , and cows . <D> Here are some examples : Omnivore - A human is an omnivore because it eats plants and animals / meat . Herbivore - An elephant is an herbivore because it eats plants . Carnivore - A fox is a carnivore because it eats meats / animals . <D> Most dogs , unless they are very spoiled , are not picky eaters , so if you find your dog eating from your garbage or chewing on things like paper sacks from the grocery store , do n’t be alarmed . The definition of an herbivore is an animal that eats mainly grass and other plants . An omnivore is an animal that eats both meats and grass or plants . <D> Some of the examples of herbivores are : Cow , Buffalo , Goat , Sheep , Horse , Deer , Camel , Ass , Ox , Elephant , Monkey , Squirrel , Rabbit and Hippopotamus . Cow is called an herbivore because it eats only plants ( or plant products ) as food . Herbivores are also known as herbivorous animals .
<s2s_qd_a> <startQuestion> How do you make chocolate ? --T--  From Bettinna Carlos The Science Behind the Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookies - Kitchen Conundrums with Thomas Joseph Soft and chewy , thin and crisp , or cakey ? How do you like your chocolate chip cookies ? Here 's the answer to creating your perfect chocolate chip cookie . <D> How to Make Chocolate Chip Waffles ? How to Make M&M Chocolate Chip Cookies ? How to Make Chocolate Chip Oatmeal ? <D> Does Carob taste like chocolate ? How do you get a chocolate orange to break ? Why is it when you brush your teeth after eating / drinking an orange / juice , le ... ? <D> Mine continually turn out caramelly , chewey and a bit sticky ! I spooned out … How can you make the chocolate hard ? How can you make the chocolate hard and dry enough for long storage without melting ? <D> I will wrap each with foil . … Do You Sell The Chocolate ? Do you sell the chocolate from your site ? <D> Here 's a simple one to get you started along with several vari ... Read More » URL_5 Related Questions How to Make a Raw Chocolate Cake ? How to Make Eggless Chocolate Cake ? How to Make Cinnamon Chocolate Cake ? How to Make Vegan Chocolate Cake ? How to Make Steamed Chocolate Cake ? How to Make a Chocolate Cake Shooter ? How to Make a Dark Chocolate Cake ? How to Make Chocolate Pear Cake ? How to Make a Chocolate Biscuit Cake ? How to Make an Eggless Chocolate Cake ? toolbar creator Feedback © 2018 URL_2 , Inc. All rights reserved . <D> How Do I Make Semi Sweet Chocolate Into Milk Chocolate ? Do you need two separate machines to make chocolate&white chocolate ? toolbar creator Feedback © 2018 URL_3 , Inc. All rights reserved . <D> Press ends of pretzel into pretzel dough . <D> How to Make Semisweet Chocolate Chip Cookies ? How to Make Chocolate Chip Shortbread Cookies ? How to Make Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Cookies ? How to Make Amazing Chocolate Chip Cookies ? How to Make Eggless Chocolate Chip Cookies ? How to Make Pre Made Chocolate Chip Cookies ? <D> It 's like taking a free trip to the jungle ! How Is Chocolate Made ? -Jacques Torres ' sexy French accent is a little ... how you say ? <D> We had to drown them with mud first . … How Do I Make Chocolate Covered Cookies Set ? How can I get my chocolate covered cookies to set properly at room temperature ?
